docs: clarify private key types and usage instructions across example (#1000)
hashgraph/hedera-agent-kit: docs/DEVEXAMPLES.md

##### About Private Keys

Hedera supports two key types: **ECDSA (secp256k1)** and **ED25519**. These examples default to **ECDSA**. To switch to ED25519, uncomment the appropriate line in the agent's `.ts` file:

```ts
PrivateKey.fromStringECDSA(process.env.PRIVATE_KEY!)   // default
// PrivateKey.fromStringED25519(process.env.PRIVATE_KEY!)
```

> Both constructors accept hex (`0x...`) and DER (`302e...`) encoded keys. The untyped `PrivateKey.fromString()` is deprecated — use the typed constructors instead. There is no reliable way to infer the key type from the string alone, so pick the constructor matching how the key was generated (the Hedera Portal shows the type). A mismatch is rejected by the network with `INVALID_SIGNATURE`. Note: the agent kit's built-in EVM/ERC tools currently require an ECDSA operator key; the Hedera EVM itself supports both key types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Both constructors accept hex (0x...) and DER encoded keys. The untyped PrivateKey.fromString() is deprecated — use the typed constructors instead. For a DER-encoded key you can also use PrivateKey.fromStringDer(), which detects the key type automatically. For a raw hex key the type cannot be inferred from the string alone, so pick the constructor matching how the key was generated (the Hedera Portal shows the type). A mismatch is rejected by the network with INVALID_SIGNATURE.
```

 - README.md:169
  - docs/DEVEXAMPLES.md:52 i docs/DEVEXAMPLES.md:327
  - examples/adk/README.md:51
  - examples/ai-sdk/README.md:40
  - examples/langchain-v1/README.md:122
  - examples/langchain/README.md:31
  - packages/core/README.md:200

OPENAI_API_KEY=sk-proj-...
```

##### About Private Keys

Hedera supports two key types: **ECDSA (secp256k1)** and **ED25519**. These examples default to **ECDSA**. To switch to ED25519, uncomment the appropriate line in the agent's `.ts` file:

```ts
PrivateKey.fromStringECDSA(process.env.PRIVATE_KEY!)   // default
// PrivateKey.fromStringED25519(process.env.PRIVATE_KEY!)
```

> Both constructors accept hex (`0x...`) and DER (`302e...`) encoded keys. The untyped `PrivateKey.fromString()` is deprecated — use the typed constructors instead. There is no reliable way to infer the key type from the string alone, so pick the constructor matching how the key was generated (the Hedera Portal shows the type). A mismatch is rejected by the network with `INVALID_SIGNATURE`. Note: the agent kit's built-in EVM/ERC tools currently require an ECDSA operator key; the Hedera EVM itself supports both key types.

Reviewer: `302e...` is only for DER ED25519 and `3030` is for DER ECDSA

Author: added clarification to the readmes
